One of the first laws of New Russia, it was a law from 18th of October, 1991, about the rehabilitation of the victims of political repressions.
Under the rehabilitation, those who were under the influence of the Supreme Court were convicted.
This was in 1991. What changed during this time? Did you see any evidence? No.
What changed during this time in our state?
How can we explain this unthinkable, soft speech of the court of the Ministry of Justice, which was released today from this,
from the co-elections of the Supreme Court of Justice?
Who are the consequences?
If this ISC will be the territory of the head of the Kodus,
established in accordance with the participation in the activities
of the protection of the Kyrgyzstan or the organization of this activity.
In general, we have such a healthy Sans,
as, by the way, the participation of one to one to six
for the organization, from six to ten years of freedom.
We have not lived under these controlled, controlled
or controlled organizations,
which are standing behind these masks.
We have no analytics, no experts.
We have not lived any of those who have already told us
what to do tomorrow.
We have done the first steps.
The last steps have already been done.
If today was forbidden,
the number of people who have to be here should be the head of the Kyrgyzstan.
Some of you are going to comment on this in a few minutes
about the respective conditions of the Kvashimorgliliznogdiny.
They say, yes, yes, they did.
They said, they are going to do something,
because, because of these criminal punishments,
I am saying that this is going to be simply inevitable.
It has already been approved.
In 2015, in Togonroya.
When they came to the local community,
they made an appeal to the film.
They fixed the facts of the gathering.
They made a lot of money.
At the end of the year, they went to the pre-war.
It was a waste, a waste of freedom, but it was a very dangerous thing.
There was such an attempt to say the right stone.
And now what?
Now it's not that simple. It's not a separate community.
And it's because of all Russia, so what?
Because all Russia, today, will be in court.
They are inevitable.
But today there is still time.
Just think about it.
There will be a little less than two weeks.
Think about it and leave it.
And probably it will be more likely to be made a step back.
Because look at the fact that it may not be said.
Many now think that the list is not clear.
It will not be explained to us.
I think it's not worth it at all.
Again, just look at the German history.
In the history of the past, they have always been the beginning of the Soviet Union.
And I think it's a pity for everyone.
I can also say, take the Soviet Union.
This is all taken against the rest.
And this is what I began with the recognition of the victims of the political press.
And even in the 19th century,
the same thing has been seen as a result of the establishment
of such beautiful books,
that this is such a recognition of the victims of the political press.
And according to this establishment,
it is assumed to be taken into account.
And what about today?
Maybe they will come back
and have a legal obligation to change it.
Or just the citizens to collect all these achievements
and to take them back.
I really want to believe that all this is a serious matter.
And they really enjoy it.